it's our first attempt to empower our local eighties to create data-driven campaigns
in a very easy way
and we found some great success with our first launch
and we also heard a lot of feedback from people in the market about how we could do it better
so the teams went back to the drawing board
kept the really great parts of audience intelligence for local
and improved upon the areas where we knew we could do better and we're excited to relaunch
as 2.0 audience intelligence for local this spring the advertisers who were excited about it's all really really great results
the challenges that we recovered were found directly by our sellers in the
field and we're grateful for all the feedback that they provide
it because that help us figure out what we needed to do
to make it even better we're looking to really provide that
improved experience both furare he's as well as for a client
NOTE lang en